---
layout: post
title: An Escape
subtitle: Are you really living
tags: [poem]
---


### An Escape

Everyone is trying to escape something,  
Reading Rowling is an Escape,  
Watching Netflix is an Escape,  
Conversation is an Escape,  
And Laughing is an Escape.  
  
We should live our life,  
in a way that reality is an Escape,  
These words came out,  
From some wandering souls.  

Wandering is Romantic Writing,  
Like they have ruined “Love”,  
And now everyone is lost,  
in both living and Loving.  

Everyone is trying to escape something,  
Chai and Sutta is an escape,  
Long walks in serene places is an Escape,  
Infatuation is an escape,  
“Into the wild” is an escape.  

Some of us are trying hard,  
to escape our current situation,  
But is it so bad, Do you know,  
People die of hunger, Said some idealistic Soul.  

I really hope that, there was a threshold  
You know, Like 9 points,  
After achieving 9 points,  
You won’t feel the need to escape.  

Everyone is trying to escape something,  
Anil Ambani is trying to escape debt,  
Nirav Modi is trying to escape arrest,  
Mallya is trying to escape bankruptcy,  
Tata is trying to escape maybe his loneliness.  

Living is Suffering, Denial is pain,  
Acceptance is Elixir.  
Philanthropy is an escape,  
Said Some More souls.  

Escape is a Billion Dollar Market,  
Everyone is trying to offer,  
A better alternative,  
Here comes Another- Google Stadia.  

Everyone is trying to escape something,  
Listening to Arijit Singh is an escape,  
Trips are an escape,  
Kiss is an escape,  
And Death is an escape.  
  
### That's all folks.